[8.0] add dirac-login user guide, code docs (#5397)
DIRACGrid/DIRAC: docs/source/AdministratorGuide/UserManagement/index.rst

> User management has been provided by the Registry section of the Configuration System. To manage it you can use:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
User management is handled within the Registry section of the Configuration System. To manage it you can use:
```

>   - :ref:`dirac commands <admin_registry_cmd>` to managing Registry

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - :ref:`dirac commands <admin_registry_cmd>` for managing Registry
```

  - configuration manager application in the Web portal (need to :ref:`install WebAppDIRAC extension <installwebappdirac>`)

>   - modify local cfg file manually (by default it located in /opt/dirac/etc/dirac.cfg)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - modify local cfg file manually (by default it is located in /opt/dirac/etc/dirac.cfg)
```
